Create move-to-cluster-api.md (#636)
giantswarm/releases: announcements/move-to-cluster-api.md

### What is Cluster API?

Cluster API is a Kubernetes sub-project focused on providing declarative APIs and tooling to simplify provisioning, upgrading, and operating multiple Kubernetes clusters.

Started by the Kubernetes Special Interest Group (SIG) Cluster Lifecycle, the Cluster API project uses Kubernetes-style APIs and patterns to automate cluster lifecycle management for platform operators. The supporting infrastructure, like virtual machines, networks, load balancers, and VPCs, as well as the Kubernetes cluster configuration are all defined in the same way that application developers operate deploying and managing their workloads. This enables consistent and repeatable cluster deployments across a wide variety of infrastructure environments.

### Why is Giant Swarm moving to Cluster API?

> In 2017, due to lack of better alternatives, Giant Swarm decided to build their product based on their own implementation of automation, tools, and operators. This allowed Giant Swarm to provide a stable and easy-to-use product which you are currently using to manager your Kubernetes clusters. Although this solution was ideal for a long time it has it's downsides:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 2017, due to a lack of better alternatives, Giant Swarm decided to build their product based on their own implementation of automation, tools, and operators. This allowed Giant Swarm to provide a stable and easy-to-use product that you are currently using to manage your Kubernetes clusters. Although this solution was ideal for a long time it has its downsides:
```

minor langauge edits

> - You have limited control over configuration of individual parts of the infrastructure. The Product is not flexible enough and sometimes doesn't support all of your use cases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You have limited control over configuration of individual parts of the infrastructure. The product is not flexible enough and sometimes doesn't support all of your use cases.
```

> - Adding new functionalities is time-consuming and as Hyperscalers (Amazon, Microsoft) expand their offering it becomes increasingly difficult to keep up and make it all available to you in a timely manner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Adding new functionalities is time-consuming and as hyperscalers (Amazon, Microsoft) expand their offering it becomes increasingly difficult to keep up and make it all available to you in a timely manner.
```

> - Adding new functionalities is time-consuming and as hyperscalers (Amazon, Microsoft) expand their offering it becomes increasingly difficult to keep up and make it all available to you in a timely manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adding new functionality is time-consuming and as hyperscalers (Amazon, Microsoft) expand their offering it becomes increasingly difficult to keep up and make it all available to you in a timely manner.
```

- Your cluster management is limited to what Giant Swarm tooling enables and there are no available alternatives.

> - Although Giant Swarm provides pure Vanilla Kubernetes clusters, it is currently not possible to move the workload clusters and have them managed by another product without migration. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Although Giant Swarm provides pure "vanilla" Kubernetes clusters, it is currently not possible to move the workload clusters and have them managed by another product without migration. 
```

> Giant Swarm has been watching closely the development of the upstream Cluster API project and since it achieved a satisfying level of maturity, decided to adopt it in order to address all of the downsides mentioned above and bring more value to you:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Giant Swarm has been closely watching the development of the upstream Cluster API project and since it achieved a satisfying level of maturity, decided to adopt it in order to address all of the downsides mentioned above and bring more value to you:
```

> - A lot more flexibility and configurability over your infastructure. Things like deploying into existing networks or ... will now be possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Significantly more flexibility and configurability over your infrastructure. Things like deploying into existing networks or ... will now be possible.
```

> - Future proof API that protects you from vendor lock-ins, developed by dynamicaly growing community which will increase the speed of adding new functionalities over time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A future-proof API that protects you from vendor lock-ins, developed by a dynamically growing community which will increase the speed of adding new functionalities over time.
```

> - A future-proof API that protects you from vendor lock-ins, developed by a dynamically growing community which will increase the speed of adding new functionalities over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A future-proof API that protects you from vendor lock-ins, developed by a dynamically growing community which will increase the speed of adding new functionality over time.
```

> - Possibility to use all the tooling compatible with the Cluster API not only one created by Giant Swarm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The possibility to use all tooling compatible with the Cluster API -- not only that created by Giant Swarm.
```

> - Workload Cluster could be managed by management clusters from other providers if they are compatible with Cluster API like EKS or AKS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Workload clusters can be managed by management clusters from other providers if they are compatible with Cluster API, like EKS or AKS.
```

> - Workload clusters can be managed by management clusters from other providers if they are compatible with Cluster API, like EKS or AKS.

Reviewer 3: This is a bit mixed up I guess. 

```suggestion
- Ability to create and manage workload clusters with managed control planes like EKS or AKS.
```

> - Adding new providers will become easier and Giant Swarm will be in a better position to expand their offer beyond AWS, Azure, and On-Premises.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Adding new providers will become easier and Giant Swarm will be in a better position to expand their offering beyond AWS, Azure, and our current On-Premises solutions.
```

> - It will be possible to have workload clusters from different providers managed by one management cluster to enable Multi-cloud use cases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The possibility to have workload clusters from different providers managed by one management cluster to enable multi-cloud use cases.
```
(for consistency with previous points)

> ### How will the move look like?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### What will the move look like?
```
Or `### What will the move look like for me?`

> Giant Swarm is putting enormous amount of the effort to make it process safe and convenient to you. From your perspective it will look like a regular update to major version, no migration will be required. On Giant Swarm side, a combination of automated and manual steps will be performed to replace Giant Swarm's parts with upstream Cluster API. Giant Swarm has performed similar process for Azure customers while replacing CoreOS with Flatcar OS, the only inconvinience for the users was the need to schedule the upgrade ahead of time to make sure there's an engineer available to perform the manual parts of the transition.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Giant Swarm is investing an enormous amount of effort to make the process safe and convenient for you. From your perspective, it will look like a regular update to a new major version -- no migration will be required. On the Giant Swarm side, a combination of automated and manual steps will be performed to replace Giant Swarm's components with upstream Cluster API. During a similar process for undertaken for Azure customers replacing CoreOS with Flatcar, the only inconvenience for the users was the need to schedule the upgrade ahead of time to make sure there's an engineer available to perform the manual parts of the transition.
```

> Giant Swarm is investing an enormous amount of effort to make the process safe and convenient for you. From your perspective, it will look like a regular update to a new major version -- no migration will be required. On the Giant Swarm side, a combination of automated and manual steps will be performed to replace Giant Swarm's components with upstream Cluster API. During a similar process for undertaken for Azure customers replacing CoreOS with Flatcar, the only inconvenience for the users was the need to schedule the upgrade ahead of time to make sure there's an engineer available to perform the manual parts of the transition.

Reviewer 3: At the moment we have no manual steps in the migration process and there shouldn't be any. We will just make sure to monitor migrations with more people.

Reviewer 4: Why just Azure migration to Flatcar? Didn't we do it for everybody?

Reviewer 3: @Oshratn imo the Azure example is because of bigger problems on Azure to replace Flatcar. The team had to replace some more things (VMSS) to be able to replace the OS in existing clusters. So it was a migration of cloud infrastructure and not only an OS change.

Author: Thanks Timo, just noticed it in the content from Chris, I will edit this.

Author: Done.

> Giant Swarm is investing an enormous amount of effort to make the process safe and convenient for you. From your perspective, it will look like a regular update to a new major version -- no migration will be required. On the Giant Swarm side, a combination of automated and manual steps will be performed to replace Giant Swarm's components with upstream Cluster API. During a similar process for undertaken for Azure customers replacing CoreOS with Flatcar, the only inconvenience for the users was the need to schedule the upgrade ahead of time to make sure there's an engineer available to perform the manual parts of the transition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Giant Swarm is investing an enormous amount of effort to make the process safe and convenient for you. From your perspective, it will look like a regular update to a new major version -- no migration will be required. On the Giant Swarm side, a combination of automated and manual steps will be performed to replace Giant Swarm's components with upstream Cluster API. During a similar process undertaken for Azure customers replacing CoreOS with Flatcar, the only inconvenience for the users was the need to schedule the upgrade ahead of time to make sure there's an engineer available to perform the manual parts of the transition.
```

Author: I need to rewrite this anyway, looks like no manual tasks will be performed during the move

- You have limited control over configuration of individual parts of the infrastructure. The product is not flexible enough and sometimes doesn't support all of your use cases.
- Adding new functionality is time-consuming and as hyperscalers (Amazon, Microsoft) expand their offering it becomes increasingly difficult to keep up and make it all available to you in a timely manner.
- Your cluster management is limited to what Giant Swarm tooling enables and there are no available alternatives.
- Although Giant Swarm provides pure "vanilla" Kubernetes clusters, it is currently not possible to move the workload clusters and have them managed by another product without migration. 

Giant Swarm has been closely watching the development of the upstream Cluster API project and since it achieved a satisfying level of maturity, decided to adopt it in order to address all of the downsides mentioned above and bring more value to you:

> - Significantly more flexibility and configurability over your infrastructure. Things like deploying into existing networks or ... will now be possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Significantly more flexibility and configurability over your infrastructure. Things like deploying into existing networks or customizing api-server configuration directly will now be possible.
```

We might have some safe guards on that but I do think we will allow for some edits nevertheless.

- A future-proof API that protects you from vendor lock-ins, developed by a dynamically growing community which will increase the speed of adding new functionality over time.
- The possibility to use all tooling compatible with the Cluster API -- not only that created by Giant Swarm.
- Ability to create and manage workload clusters with managed control planes like EKS or AKS.

> - Adding new providers will become easier and Giant Swarm will be in a better position to expand their offering beyond AWS, Azure, and current On-Premises solutions.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Adding new providers will become easier and Giant Swarm will be in a better position to expand their offering beyond AWS, Azure, and current On-Premises solutions.
```
Does `their` refer to Giant Swarm or other provider offerings? If the first needs to change to `our`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adding new providers will become easier and Giant Swarm will be in a better position to expand our offering beyond AWS, Azure, and current On-Premises solutions.
```

Author: there's no "our" or "us" anywhere else in the document, are you sure this fits here? It's written in 3rd person so their = Giant Swarm's

- The possibility to have workload clusters from different providers managed by one management cluster to enable multi-cloud use cases.

### What will the move look like?

> Giant Swarm is investing an enormous amount of effort to make the process safe and convenient for you. From your perspective, it will look like a regular update to a new major version -- no workload migration will be required. On the Giant Swarm side, a series of well-tested, automated actions will be performed to transform your current clusters into the Cluster API ones. Giant Swarm wants to provide a transition path for the clusters in all versions and transform them into Cluster API clusters with little to no downtime in the Kubernetes control plane and no downtime in your workloads. Giant Swarm will perform an in-place upgrade to preserve your current IP addresses.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Giant Swarm is investing an enormous amount of effort to make the process safe and convenient for you. From your perspective, it will look like a regular update to a new major version -- no workload migration will be required. On the Giant Swarm side, a series of well-tested, automated actions will be performed to transform your current clusters into Cluster API ones. Giant Swarm wants to provide a transition path for the clusters in all versions and transform them into Cluster API clusters with little to no downtime in the Kubernetes control plane and no downtime in your workloads. Giant Swarm will perform an in-place upgrade to preserve your current IP addresses.
```

In the first phase, starting the transition will be enabled for Giant Swarm personnel only, but eventually, you will be able to perform it on your workload clusters autonomously.

### What are the risks?

> The infrastructure behind Giant Swarm clusters differs in many ways from the one backing a Cluster API cluster. Giant Swarm engineers worked hard to find an automated, reliable, and reproducible transition path between the two, but there is always the risk that something goes wrong. Giant Swarm will ensure a well-defined, thoroughly tested transition plan to mitigate the risks and have a recovery plan in place if something unexpected happens. The transition will also be done in phases, leaving your mission-critical cluster to the end to adapt the process to all possible custom configurations and make it bullet-proof.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The infrastructure behind Giant Swarm clusters differs in many ways from the one backing a Cluster API cluster. Giant Swarm engineers worked hard to find an automated, reliable, and reproducible transition path between the two, but there is always the risk that something goes wrong. Giant Swarm will ensure a well-defined, thoroughly tested transition plan to mitigate the risks and have a recovery plan in place if something unexpected happens. The transition will also be done in phases, leaving your mission-critical cluster(s) to the end to adapt the process to all possible custom configurations and make it bullet-proof.
```

### What will change?

There will be very little to no differences between the Giant Swarm and the Cluster API clusters from the functional point of view.

> The most noticeable change will be the deprecation of the 'gsctl' tool that will no longer work for creating or managing Cluster API clusters. You will be able to continue using Giant Swarm Web UI 'Happa' and 'kubectl gs', which support login directly through your company's Single Sign-On with all of its security features provided including multi-factor authentication.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The most noticeable change will be the deprecation of the 'gsctl' tool that will no longer work for creating or managing Cluster API clusters. You will be able to continue using Giant Swarm Web UI and 'kubectl gs', which support login directly through your company's Single Sign-On with all of its security features provided including multi-factor authentication.
```
I am girl scouting on getting the term happa of public documentation.

> The concept of organizations as a means to isolate different teams, business units, or projects within one installation will remain. Organizations will become more flexible and be mapped to native Kubernetes namespaces and isolation concepts, allowing you to assign users or groups from your identity provider with granular permissions known from [Kubernetes role-based access control (RBAC)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The concept of organizations as a means to isolate different teams, business units, or projects within one installation will remain. Organizations will become more flexible and be mapped to native Kubernetes namespaces and isolation concepts, allowing you to assign users or groups from your identity provider with granular permissions known from [Kubernetes role-based access control (RBAC)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/).

### What is the ETA?

We have made a big step forward by having 6 of 8 engineering teams within Giant Swarm form a spearhead towards CAPI for the whole month of March. We made good progress, but there's still a lot to do to bring a production-ready and feature-par setup to you. Our next goal is to provide you with an early test version in the coming months and then work in parallel on getting that version ready for production and enable you with a non-breaking upgrade path to it. We will keep you updated on this progress and hope to have something for you soon. In the meantime feel free to reach out to us with questions, concerns, or general comments.
```

adding a note on (non-existent) ETA and our plans. @MartaD WDYT? Once we have this down we should merge I'd say.

Reviewer 4: I'd add 2021 at the end of: for the whole month of March.
I (even post google search) don't know the term feature-par. Suggested change: "...there's still a lot to do to bring you a production-ready setup to you on par with the features you already have."

We will keep you updated on this progress and hope to have something for you soon. Style-wise the 2nd half of the sentence weakens the message. I'd go with: "We will keep you updated as we/things progress."

Reviewer: adjusted the above suggestion based on Oshrat's comments 🙏

Author: the document was written in 3rd person so I adjusted the suggestion to match the rest. I can rewrite the whole document if you think it's better to use "we/us" not "Giant Swarm"

Reviewer 4: I have no strong feelings about this, except being in full agreement that the voice needs to be consistent across the board.
@HelloHeatherC do you have any thoughts on the preferred voice to use?

Reviewer: Oh, I just realized that, it had two different voices, IMHO the preferred voice for a customer announcement would be "we/us" especially if at some point it would be in Slack or sth direct to customers. Using 3rd person "Giant Swarm" is rather Press Release style, which is good, but might be less familiar and friendly to customers. We only use that rarely I think. Happy to hear Heather's thoughts.

Reviewer 5: Strong agree with Puja. Especially when we're talking about what we [deliver/promise](https://copyhackers.com/2012/09/web-copywriting-the-word-we/), it's good to emphasize it's we/us that do the delivering and promising and not some detached formal entity.

Author: Ok, I'll rewrite it then

### Why is Giant Swarm moving to Cluster API?

In 2017, due to a lack of better alternatives, Giant Swarm decided to build their product based on their own implementation of automation, tools, and operators. This allowed Giant Swarm to provide a stable and easy-to-use product that you are currently using to manage your Kubernetes clusters. Although this solution was ideal for a long time it has its downsides:
- You have limited control over configuration of individual parts of the infrastructure. The product is not flexible enough and sometimes doesn't support all of your use cases.
- Adding new functionality is time-consuming and as hyperscalers (Amazon, Microsoft) expand their offering it becomes increasingly difficult to keep up and make it all available to you in a timely manner.
- Your cluster management is limited to what Giant Swarm tooling enables and there are no available alternatives.
- Although Giant Swarm provides pure "vanilla" Kubernetes clusters, it is currently not possible to move the workload clusters and have them managed by another product without migration. 

> Giant Swarm has been closely watching the development of the upstream Cluster API project and since it achieved a satisfying level of maturity, decided to adopt it in order to address all of the downsides mentioned above and bring more value to you:

Reviewer: > achieved a satisfying level of maturity

I thought about this and I don't wanna bash upstream at all here, but I think it's rather that we think the timing is right because the level of maturity is "just enough" for us to be able to make it work for customers, while at the same time us going all-in on this now will be a good use of our time contributing to increasing maturity upstream and also bringing in our experience of many years of production operations with our current product early enough for it to have an impact.

Reviewer: it's a balance between going in too early when reliability might be low and going in too late when our input/contribution would be too late

Author: I was thinking that calling it a "satisfying level of maturity" might be a little more reassuring for some customers than "just enough" - and aren't those wordings close enough? Please let me know if you have an idea how to phrase this better.

Reviewer: true, close enough, nit picky almost ;)

- Significantly more flexibility and configurability over your infrastructure. Things like deploying into existing networks or ... will now be possible.
- A future-proof API that protects you from vendor lock-ins, developed by a dynamically growing community which will increase the speed of adding new functionality over time.
- The possibility to use all tooling compatible with the Cluster API -- not only that created by Giant Swarm.
- Ability to create and manage workload clusters with managed control planes like EKS or AKS.
- Adding new providers will become easier and Giant Swarm will be in a better position to expand their offering beyond AWS, Azure, and current On-Premises solutions.
- The possibility to have workload clusters from different providers managed by one management cluster to enable multi-cloud use cases.

### What will the move look like?

> Giant Swarm is investing an enormous amount of effort to make the process safe and convenient for you. From your perspective, it will look like a regular update to a new major version -- no migration will be required. On the Giant Swarm side, a series of well-tested, automated actions will be performed to transform your current clusters into the Cluster API ones. Giant Swarm wants to provide a transition path for the clusters in all versions and transform them into Cluster API clusters with little to no downtime in the Kubernetes control plane and no downtime in your workloads. Giant Swarm will perform an in-place upgrade to preserve your current IP addresses.

Reviewer: > no migration will be required

I think this wording is confusing. Within GS we call a move between two clusters a "migration" but similarly moving from our controllers to upstream controllers could be called a "migration" (as the team name we chose for the taskforce on this also suggests). Maybe we can be more clear here, like:

`no migration will be needed, i.e. this will be an in-place upgrade of your clusters.`

Reviewer: I know you mention it later and explain it in detail, but smh I feel the word migration still sticks out while reading, maybe we could also just remove or replace it

Author: I was trying hard to avoid calling it a "migration" throughout the document, I'm calling it "transition "move" etc. just for this reason to not scare customers that they have to migrate. Does it make sense? I could change it to:

> no workload migration will be needed, this will be an in-place upgrade of your clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Giant Swarm is investing an enormous amount of effort to make the process safe and convenient for you. From your perspective, it will look like a regular update to a new major version -- no workload migration will be required. On the Giant Swarm side, a series of well-tested, automated actions will be performed to transform your current clusters into the Cluster API ones. Giant Swarm wants to provide a transition path for the clusters in all versions and transform them into Cluster API clusters with little to no downtime in the Kubernetes control plane and no downtime in your workloads. Giant Swarm will perform an in-place upgrade to preserve your current IP addresses.
```

Actually, you just adding workload there makes it clear enough, we mention in-place later on anyway

In the first phase, starting the transition will be enabled for Giant Swarm personnel only, but eventually, you will be able to perform it on your workload clusters autonomously.

### What are the risks?

The infrastructure behind Giant Swarm clusters differs in many ways from the one backing a Cluster API cluster. Giant Swarm engineers worked hard to find an automated, reliable, and reproducible transition path between the two, but there is always the risk that something goes wrong. Giant Swarm will ensure a well-defined, thoroughly tested transition plan to mitigate the risks and have a recovery plan in place if something unexpected happens. The transition will also be done in phases, leaving your mission-critical cluster to the end to adapt the process to all possible custom configurations and make it bullet-proof.

### What will change?

> There will be very little to no differences between the Giant Swarm and the Cluster API clusters from the functional point of view. After the transition, you will be able to use the upstream Cluster API tools to manage the clusters.

Reviewer: > After the transition, you will be able to use the upstream Cluster API tools to manage the clusters.

not sure if we would encourage using clusterctl tbh, most probably it'll work, but still would be recommended to use GS interfaces instead of upstream tooling

Author: I'll remove the second sentence, doesn't really fit here anyway.
```suggestion
There will be very little to no differences between the Giant Swarm and the Cluster API clusters from the functional point of view.
```

> The most noticeable change will be the deprecation of the 'gsctl' tool that will no longer work against Cluster API clusters. You will be able to continue using Giant Swarm Web UI 'Happa' and 'kubectl gs' plugin but only through your company's Single Sign On. 

Reviewer: Maybe clarify that this is meant to be towards the API of the MC and has nothing to do with how you talk to the WC API

Author: I'm sorry I don't know how to phrase that.
Does it mean that gsctl can still be used for WCs? or it wasn't used for that at all?

Reviewer: the thing is not gsctl, it's that customer know they can use SSO on WCs and might confuse things here, I'll add sth to your suggestion below

> The most noticeable change will be the deprecation of the 'gsctl' tool that will no longer work against Cluster API clusters. You will be able to continue using Giant Swarm Web UI 'Happa' and 'kubectl gs' plugin but only through your company's Single Sign On. 

Reviewer: > but only through your company's Single Sign On

This sounds like a bad thing, let's make it more positive (I think it is positive). sth like: `You will be able to login directly with your company's SSO and use all the security features provided by that including MFA.` (we know the latter has been a feature request for quite a while)

Author: Ok, do we need to warn customers that the login password option will no longer be possible?

Reviewer: IMHO that is separate from CAPI as it applies to all interfaces for all things including app platform, so we don't need to mix the deprecations/announcements too much. WDYT?

Author: ```suggestion
The most noticeable change will be the deprecation of the 'gsctl' tool that will no longer work against Cluster API clusters. You will be able to continue using Giant Swarm Web UI 'Happa' and 'kubectl gs' and access them directly through your company's Single Sign-On with all of its security features provided including multi-factor authentication.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most noticeable change will be the deprecation of the 'gsctl' tool that will no longer work for creating or managing Cluster API clusters. You will be able to continue using Giant Swarm Web UI 'Happa' and 'kubectl gs', which support login directly through your company's Single Sign-On with all of its security features provided including multi-factor authentication.
```

tried to make it more clear that its managing clusters in the top and in the bottom that the SSO is for those interfaces and not related to the already exiting OIDC/SSO feature on WCs. WDYT?

> The concept of organizations as a means to isolate different teams, business units, or projects within one installation will remain. Organizations will become more flexible, allowing you to assign users or groups from your identity provider with granular permissions known from [Kubernetes role-based access control (RBAC)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The concept of organizations as a means to isolate different teams, business units, or projects within one installation will remain. Organizations will become more flexible and be mapped to native Kubernetes namespaces and isolation concepts, allowing you to assign users or groups from your identity provider with granular permissions known from [Kubernetes role-based access control (RBAC)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/).
```

Detailed explanation of what Cluster API is and what the migration means to the customers.

> ### What is Cluster API?

Author: I was planning to link this to the source of this text: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api
but I'm not sure about the warning from that page: 

> NB: Cluster API is still in a prototype stage while we get feedback on the API types themselves. All of the code here is to experiment with the API and demo its abilities, in order to drive more technical feedback to the API design. Because of this, all of the codebase is rapidly changing.

If we're not concerned about it, I'll link to the upstream documentation

Reviewer 6: Maybe this is better https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io. At the same time, I would add the project was created two years ago, it is rapidly growing and [beta version is coming soon](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/discussions/4351)

Author: Sounds good, I'll add it, thanks!
